I love that new t-shirt smell.
The chicks are gonna be all up in our biz
when they see us wearing these Rick and Morty custom tees.
I bet we could sell these.
Hell's yeah. I f***ing love birch.
Ah! The rain is f***ing burned!
Quick, Morty, protect the shirt.
The door! Open the door! Rick!
Morty, will you stop trying to...
Okay, there, it's open.
Jesus.
The skin is on fire. Why is the rain doing that?
My acid rain will destroy all things green and natural.
Or my name is a diesel weasel.
Ha! That guy's easy to please.
Your acid rain is an acid pain in the butt, diesel weasel.
Yikes. He's the chicken need of a dialogue pass.
First order of business is to clean up this acid rain with a little wind.
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! My leg!
Wow.
And now, an elemental punch that's too hot to handle.
Cast you, planetina. I'll get you next time.
There's only one solution for Earth's pollution.
You.
Wow.
Morty, if you say wow one more time, I swear to f***ing God.
You're crazy, Rick. She's right there.
Yeah, get that aluminum, Morty. It's 8% of the Earth.
We'll need every atom.
Thanks. Every litter bit helps.
Your problem.
Excuse me?
Sorry. I wanted to say no problem. You're welcome.
And it came out your problem. I'm an idiot. Sorry.
You're not an idiot. You recycled.
I'm Morty.
Nice to meet you, Morty. I'm planetina and I hope you have a wonderful day.
Hey, the f*** we doing here?
You like soft serve? There's a shop around the bend.
Oh, I don't eat ice cream. Veal is a product of the dairy industry.
Oh, that's not good.
No, it is not.
Oh my God. Come on. Let's go.
I know a place that serves cruelty free donuts.
If you'd like, I could fly you and your friend there. Easy peasy lemon squeezy.
Okay. I'll ask him. He said he can't come. Let's go.
What the f*** was that shit?
The Earth is in danger.
Pollution and waste are ruining our planet.
Mother Nature has enlisted the help of four young adults from each major ethnicity.
And when things look bad, and I mean really bad,
they combine the powers of their elemental rings to create me.
Pollution is a form of a human being.
And the earth is in danger.
Pollution and waste are ruining our planet.
And the earth has no elemental rings to create me.
Planetina. Conservationist super person.
There's only one solution for Earth's pollution. You!
Pretty cool, huh? I can't believe I actually hung out with Planetina.
How old is this woman? She looks very mature.
She's essentially an amalgam of natural elements, so I don't believe age applies to her.
Great. Taylor Murphy dumped me the day before his hella big pool party
and my little brother's dating a phase four superhero.
Just shoot me in the f***ing head until I die.
Hey, hey, none of that summer fest.
Is it weird that she hasn't texted me yet?
Yes. What if I told you that your grandpa Rick's got something up his sleeve
that's so ridiculous that it's gonna make you forget all about that stupid asshole that dumped you?
Hey, am I outplayed?
Morgulutz, Slardivart and Furkus9.
Three planets are all ending in a delayed succession of cataclysmic events.
A jam like this comes around only once in a lifetime.
Morgulutz's son is going supernova, Slardivart is falling into a black hole,
and Furkus9 is getting deep impacted by an asteroid.
They're all having a major final blowout.
I'm gonna drug it up and suck it up before each one goes Ka-Blam-O
and I'm taking my favorite grand kid along with me.
Hell's yeah.
Ten seconds on Morgulutz and you'll be up to your neck
and I could give two sh** about what's his ass and also herpes.
Oh my god, thank you, Grandpa Rick. I'm gonna go pack my roly.
Summer, I haven't given you my approval yet.
Summer, approval is yet to be given here.
There's a huge forest fire like 200 miles from here.
This is amazing. Planet Tina's bound to be there.
Mom, I need the credit card to buy a train ticket.
Absolutely not.
Mom, this is the biggest wildfire of the year.
You're not going.
The f**k I'm not. Last time I checked this wasn't Russia.
It's not Russia, Jerry.
My heart is broken and I deserve to let loose.
And if you don't like it, you can suck my bigger t**.
Adios, seawards.
Morty, I don't want you getting hurt. Please think this over.
I don't want to think. I want to see a girl I like.
If you don't want to help me, I'll find my own goddamn way to the wildfire.
I'll get the wine.
Thank you.
The governor has implemented a mandatory evacuation.
Abandon all hope people. Nothing will stop this fire. Nothing.
Scratch that. Here's Planet Tina. Saviour is subverbed.
Ouch! Talk about a hot foot.
Better put this wildfire on ice.
Come here little buddy. Come on. Come on. Come on. I got you.
Morty, what are you doing here?
Oh, hey. You're here too.
Yeah, I heard about the wildfire back home and, you know, I stopped by to lend a hand.
Here you go, fella. All safe now.
Uh, rabbits. Always hoppin'.
Never stoppin'.
Yeah, so it was great hangin'.
Hangin' out the other day. I was getting kind of a, I mean, I got kind of a positive vibe.
Oh good. I was putting one out. I really like you.
Holy sh**. I mean, well, oh, alright.
Next step, you want to go out again?
I do. But, uh, Morty, I have kids.
Oh, I'll get along with them. I'm a kid.
No, I mean the four kids that bring me into existence by combining the power of their elemental ring
so I can save Earth from ecological disasters.
Oh, them. No, I know about them. I like them.
Oh good. Well, here they are now.
Hey buddy, you want an autograph? That's 20 bucks a pop.
No, Eddie. He's my friend. Morty, these are my kids. The Tina Tears.
Oh, hey.
Tina girl, have you gained weight?
Well, I had a plant-based donut yesterday. Just a half.
Sugar is the worst thing for a feak, you're darling. You want to be ugly.
I thought they'd be younger.
They've been manifesting me since the mid-90s. A lot has changed since then.
This is freaking you out, huh?
It is a lot to take in.
I understand. Well, I guess I better go. See you around.
Hi-dee-ho TV 58.
Planetina, you single-handedly saved a national forest with ease.
I do what I can, but I can't do it alone.
And who's your friend over there?
Oh, this is Morty Smith. He traveled 200 miles just to save a rabbit from the fire.
He's a very special guy.
Are you two dating?
Oh, um...
Yes, we are.
F*** love.
Alright, time to set the rules.
Lay it on me.
No whining.
No crying.
As if.
And absolutely positively, no getting attached.
We're here to smash Max-ass. Quantity over quality. Deal?
Deal. I'm going to eat so much f***s, you're going to shit.
Check this out, this is going to be at the party.
Oh, is that another a**? Don't mind if I...
Oh, this will be me across the room.
Excuse me, miss. It appears that you have an uneaten a**.
Allow me?
Woo! F***ing supernova party.
Love is a lie. Hack the planet.
The world's ending, and for some reason I want to die with you more than anyone else.
Wow!
Rick, don't look now, but someone's giving you the big eye.
Excuse me, I got to see a man about a horse I'd rather have sex with.
Hello!
I'm Rick. Hey.
So the world's ending, and for some reason I want to die with you more than anyone else.
Hello!
Come on, Grandpa Rick! No commitment!
Birds were so sweet in love.
Baby, come back to me. Baby, come back like it was.
Surprise!
What are you doing here?
I told my kids I went out to recycle batteries.
Oh, kidding aside, everyone should discard used batteries at proper disposal centers
instead of tossing them into a regular waste bin.
Thanks for the tip.
Keep past, Rick.
Baby, come on, tell me, baby, you're home with me.
Solace is collapsing in five zipsops.
If we time it right, we can s*** together as the sun explodes.
Sounds amazing.
Say, I think I left my purse back at the bar.
Can both of you go get it for me?
Anything for you, Mrs. Obama!
Time to ghost, Grandpa Rick.
Ready, right. Meet me at the car.
One of these has to be hers.
Where'd she go?
I guess we'll have to start without her.
Her loss?
Woo! Kind of number two. Let's do it.
Sorry it took so long. I had to ditch some clingers.
Let's do it. Up the b***, y'all.
Geez, you okay to dress?
Shit!
Of course I'm able.
B***, go left.
Woo! The best week of my life.
Hello.
What was that?
Nothing.
Who wants to see the most
Rattadelic lady version of a superhero?
Fire!
Water!
Air and dirt!
Oh no, the convention.
Mordy, wake up! We overslept.
Hey, there's a little boy on her.
Oh, you dropped the curtain.
There is no curtain.
Idiot, step her away.
Wait, wait, wait.
Security!
What did you do? But bring her back.
No, sorry, folks.
Let me go.
Planetino will be back in a moment.
Until then, who wants a limited edition
Funko for only $50?
This is very bad.
We are about to close deal.
We cannot afford controversy.
Don't you worry.
I know how to deal with this Mordy kid.
Hey, a bunch of us are going over to
Hibla's place to shoot ourselves.
You want to come with?
Sorry, but no man's tying down some.
Some tonight hit the decks.
You're lost, honey.
You could have had all this.
Hey, check it out.
There's old people dancing.
Damn, girl.
Your moves is tight.
Hello.
Rick, what's at WTF is that
we're glutsy and doing here?
We're glutsy and she's not more glutsy and...
She's the only blue person here without three eyes.
Okay, fine. Bust it.
This is Daphne. Daphne.
This is Summer of My Granddaughter.
Granddaughter. Hello.
Daphne heard about her little party crawl
and I told her she could come with.
In the trunk.
What in the actual f***, Rick?
We said no commitments.
This was to be our apocalypse party crawl.
You broke the rule.
Squares follow rules, Summer.
Daphne's down to freak.
She's up for any sick, nasty thing I want to do.
Hello.
Oh, yeah, baby.
All right, fellas, take five.
He ain't gonna give me any trouble.
Where's Planetina?
Don't you worry about it.
I want to see her.
Planetina's got a lot of responsibilities.
People depend on her.
And you, my friend, are a distraction
we can't afford right now.
She's just a prod to you, isn't she?
Something to make money off of.
Well, Planetina's more than that.
She's a brilliant, living thing and I love her.
Oh, you love her?
Well, guess what?
We own her.
But not for long, of course.
We're gonna sell her to some arable overseas.
Fire.
As for you, maybe she won't love you so much
if you ain't so pretty no more.
Stop.
Ow!
You wanna f*** with me?
You stupid f***ing shithole!
F***!
What's happening?
Let her do it!
There we go.
Fire!
What is this?
Well, I got a cheesy Italian,
extra crispy just for you.
I know those cheekbones like their neon.
It's Eddie.
Kingkabutha, kiss him!
Get it!
Fire!
Ears!
Cold water!
Fire!
Ears!
Now we can be together, planetina.
I am an individual character.
I represent no group.
Fire!
What the f*** is this?
Ears!
Not cold!
Blib, Naga,
three,
Vilex,
game!
Happy Eau de L'Alice!
Oh my God!
It's awful!
Why will we cheer it?
Hello.
Got any Agua around here?
Mama's got a hydrate.
Glove box.
Oh, yeah.
Rick is the coolest guy ever.
We're total soulmates.
He's gonna show me the wonders of the universe.
Ha!
Once we get to the next planet,
Grandpa Rick is gonna ditch you,
like so fast.
Oh, is that so?
Uh-huh.
Nobody's tying that guy down ever.
The only chick seeing the universe with Rick is me.
Not if I keep Rick's mouth full.
Rick's mouth full of these!
Oh my... oh my God.
Oh, yeah, that's right, girlfriend.
This is what you're up against.
Wars were fought over these.
They ruined King's inspired presidents.
A hundred songs and nine national anthems
have been written about them.
Beth said a elbow titties on more gluts.
And now, thanks to Rick,
the best in the galaxy.
You want me to put him away?
Please.
I'm not gonna put him away,
but only because you're Rick's granddaughter.
Def?
Daphne, where are you, baby?
Papa needs some more elbow grease.
Come in!
You might want to keep your eyes on the road.
It's about to get sloppy.
Hello!
Ugh!
Then I put my sunglasses on and walked out
like nothing happened.
I'm finally free.
All because I'm morty.
What a romantic story about our son
killing a room full of people.
Your turn.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
I don't punch my lunch.
Eat it!
I'm out of food cards.
But I loan you two keys at 10%.
That's so generous.
My turn.
Double sixes, baby.
So, what's next for planetina?
Well, now that I'm not distracted
by book signings and publicity stunts,
morty and I can concentrate on more important things.
Like school.
Like moving in.
Planetina doesn't have a place to stay now,
so I said she could live with us.
Holy shit, morty, no.
What do you mean no?
Don't punch my lunch.
I wouldn't be a burden, Mrs. Smith.
I only want to spend as much time as possible
with your son.
My son is 14, Miss.
I'm sorry, morty, you're way too young.
But you were a teenager when dad got you pregnant.
I was 17.
That's at least 26 in boy years.
I'm sure planetina is very nice,
but when you're a teenager, love is fleeting at best.
You underestimate morty.
He is a very mature young man.
See, mom? I told you.
This is not happening.
End of discussion.
Planetina, I think you should leave, please.
Okay, Mrs. Smith.
Oh, no.
Mom, I hate you.
You suck.
Stay now. It's only a game.
Shut up.
Okay.
My whole life I've never fit in anywhere.
Everything I have to say is always met with an eye roll,
as if the act of hearing what I have to say is some exhausting chore.
Nobody in this family thinks I can say or do anything right.
I've been all over the universe, met hundreds of people,
and planetina is the only one I've ever met
that makes me feel like I belong,
and you just kicked her out of our house.
Morty, please.
I will never forgive you for this.
Let the soul of the throne fall.
Let it shine under the night.
Morty! Morty, come back!
Come on!
Why are you running to me?
Why on the end of my life?
For you, the time
Will be soon to come
Get out! All of you, get out of there! You're killing the planet!
Your people didn't get the votes. Leave or I'll have you arrested.
It's you people who should be arrested.
Gutting the land, poisoning the air your children breathe.
Can't you see what you're doing?
Easy for you to say. You can live how you want.
We need the jobs. Let's go boys. She can't stop us.
We'll get them next time.
There's no time left! Can't you hear the earth screaming?
You filthy butter!
Tina, stop it!
There's only one solution for us!
Illusion!
Oh my god, no!
No!
I can't believe I'm begging my coworkers and I'm the boss!
This gay sex with my dad is terrific! What was I thinking?
It'll all be over soon. Last chance to pee on me. Anyone?
My grandpa the meteor is almost here. We can go now.
No, we still got time.
Well then stop being in love and start having fun.
Love's pretty fun somewhere. Give it a chance.
It's not even real love. Daphne's just with you so she can keep surviving.
Ah, the young, so naive.
Congratulations, Frikesians. Your apocalypse is aborted.
And grandpa, you and I can go home. Daphne, you may come with.
If you want to and don't have to.
I don't know what you're getting at, Summer.
Obviously, Daphne wants to...
Oh, you cold bitch. Hello?
Goodbye.
Hey, she's the one that saved the world.
Now we gotta go to work tomorrow!
No!
Sorry, I messed things up with Daphne.
Shut up. I get it.
Really? You're not mad?
I'm furious.
But I have to admit, it was pretty rick of you to avert an apocalypse
in a tantrum of cynicism just to destroy one dumb relationship.
Still, sorry.
Ah, I would have done the same for you.
Promise?
Love you, Grandpa Rick.
Don't make it worse.
I'm sorry.
Love you, Grandpa Rick.
Don't make it weird.
Please go. I can't see you anymore.
Don't you even want to try to make it work?
We were so close.
You murdered 300 people.
And you murdered my kids.
You're horrible.
editor
喂
Again.
You found the wrongح
I just can't. Please understand.
No. I'll go.
But don't you dare ask me to understand.
Planetina, I'm so sorry.
F*** you.
Morty, are you alright?
She's gone, Mom. She's gone.
I loved her so much.
I know you did, honey.
Mommy's here.
To your eyes.
Good morning.
Morning.
Slow day, huh?
Yep.
Probably because everybody thought the world wouldn't be, you know, like, here today.
M-hm.
Mom and back?
Mom's not talking to us.
Because we had sex?
Yes.
Oh, yeah. That makes sense.
Happy birthday, by the way.
Ha-ha.
Did you get any of that?
So are you two dating?
Wh-I-I-I-I...
Yes. We are.
That episode's real, really special to me.
Surprise!
Watching him go through that relationship that's all passion and makes you dizzy and all the darkness that comes with that.
I-I really like you.
Holy s***. I mean, uh, well, oh, alright.
At first it was gonna be Morty getting his heart broken for the first time.
But it wasn't until Dan said, no, this is a story about Morty breaking somebody's heart.
I thought it would be the biggest mistake in the world to end an episode like that with her dumping him.
Planetina, I-I'm so sorry.
F*** you.
Yes, love ends in tragedy, but it would have been too easy to be cynical.
Like, oh, love isn't real.
Planetina's the only one I've ever met that makes me feel like I belong.
Morty was going through a growth and a loss.
We try to capture that by treating it like an actual dramatic story.
Morty?
There's a lot of heartbreak. Not only Morty in Planetina, but also Beth.
You just kicked her out of our house?
Morty, please.
I will never forgive you for this!
This is the first time we're really actually getting to see Beth be, uh, motherly.
Usually the joke is she doesn't care about her kids.
Morty! Morty, come back!
I get the most emotional when Beth comes in and comforts Morty.
I loved her so much.
I know you did, honey.
After that scene, I was-I was a wreck.
Also, there's plenty of violence and there's street f***ing going along in the B story.
Last chance to pee on me, anyone?
So, everybody gets a little bit of what they want out of this.